index.md, before:

---
title: CSCI 5839 - User-Centered Design
layout: default
highlight: home
---

# CSCI 5839: User-Centered Design (Fall 2014)

This is the homepage for *CSCI 5839: User-Centered Design*, taught by [Shaun Kane](http://shaunkane.info). The teaching assistants for this section are [Gena Welk](mailto:gena.welk@colorado.edu) and [David Quigley](mailto:david.quigley@colorado.edu).

**Meeting Time:** Tuesday/Thursday, 2:00-3:15pm  
**Locaton:** [ECEE 1B32](http://www.colorado.edu/campusmap/map.html?bldg=ECEE)

For more information about the class, see the [Syllabus](syllabus.html), [Calendar](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/spreadsheets/d/1VS1aGcTlvL5hgs577yjhZbZjwGogYD9VyQ4mDC2JTbU/edit?usp=sharing), and [Piazza Discussion Board](https://piazza.com/class/hywaq7x7uvl26v).

## Upcoming Due Dates  
Please see the [course calendar](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/spreadsheets/d/1VS1aGcTlvL5hgs577yjhZbZjwGogYD9VyQ4mDC2JTbU/edit?usp=sharing) for up to date information on assignments and due dates.

Commit message:

added grading page, tweaked index. does this work?

index.md, after:

------
title: CSCI 5839 - User-Centered Design
layout: default
highlight: home
---

# Physical Computing and Inclusive Design (Spring 2015) #


This is the homepage for *CSCI 5839: User-Centered Design*, taught by [Shaun Kane](http://shaunkane.info). The teaching assistants for this section are [Gena Welk](mailto:gena.welk@colorado.edu) and [David Quigley](mailto:david.quigley@colorado.edu).

**Meeting Time:** Tuesday/Thursday, 2:00-3:15pm  
**Locaton:** [ECEE 1B32](http://www.colorado.edu/campusmap/map.html?bldg=ECEE)

For more information about the class, see the [Syllabus](syllabus.html), [Calendar](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/spreadsheets/d/1VS1aGcTlvL5hgs577yjhZbZjwGogYD9VyQ4mDC2JTbU/edit?usp=sharing), and [Piazza Discussion Board](https://piazza.com/class/hywaq7x7uvl26v).

## Upcoming Due Dates  
Please see the [course calendar](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/spreadsheets/d/1VS1aGcTlvL5hgs577yjhZbZjwGogYD9VyQ4mDC2JTbU/edit?usp=sharing) for up to date information on assignments and due dates.
title: CSCI 5839 - User-Centered Design
layout: default
highlight: home
---

# CSCI 5839: User-Centered Design (Fall 2014)

This is the homepage for *CSCI 5839: User-Centered Design*, taught by [Shaun Kane](http://shaunkane.info). The teaching assistants for this section are [Gena Welk](mailto:gena.welk@colorado.edu) and [David Quigley](mailto:david.quigley@colorado.edu).

**Meeting Time:** Tuesday/Thursday, 2:00-3:15pm  
**Locaton:** [ECEE 1B32](http://www.colorado.edu/campusmap/map.html?bldg=ECEE)

For more information about the class, see the [Syllabus](syllabus.html), [Calendar](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/spreadsheets/d/1VS1aGcTlvL5hgs577yjhZbZjwGogYD9VyQ4mDC2JTbU/edit?usp=sharing), and [Piazza Discussion Board](https://piazza.com/class/hywaq7x7uvl26v).

## Upcoming Due Dates  
Please see the [course calendar](https://docs.google.com/a/colorado.edu/spreadsheets/d/1VS1aGcTlvL5hgs577yjhZbZjwGogYD9VyQ4mDC2JTbU/edit?usp=sharing) for up to date information on assignments and due dates.
